SITE Pre-Work Submission
=================

Name: Tyler Robinson

1. If you used any outside resources to help complete your submission (websites, books, people, etc) list them here.
    I didn't use any outside resources, and instead fiddled with the code by following the guidelines and making note of what the IDE pointed out to me as an error.

2. What was a challenge you encountered in creating this submission (be specific)? How did you overcome it?
    One challenge I encountered was refreshing myself on the syntax of JavaScript. This was especially difficult when trying to translate the pseudocode fro the guess() function. I understood the flowchart and how I would write it in another language, but it took me a while to attempt writing the function on my own. I overcame this by paying attention to the errors that Glitch presented and slowly piecing my memory of JavaScript's syntax back together. I also paid attention to the snippets of code that were provided by the rubric to help with this challenge. I also had trouble with spacing in my HTML file, as the braces, such as div and button, seem to run on to the right endlessly, which made it hard to see when I had the site's live preview up next to the code. However, I found that I could use line breaks in between the <>, and it would still function properly.
  

3. What questions about web development do you have after completing your submission? (recommended 100 - 300 words) One major question I have is how are development responsibilities split up in web development? Since the HTML, CSS and JavaScript are all dependent on one another, wouldn't they have to be coded together, or am I mistaken? Are members of a development team instead assigned different sections of the website to work on? I'd also like to know about how memory operates in web development. How is user information stored? i.e., when a user types in an answer to a text field or fills out some sort of registration form. I'd also like to know the benefits and detriments of being a full stack developer as opposed to a front-end or a back-end developer. I'd also like to know about open-source and API implementation in web development. Are there any restrictions on the types of data we could pull from an API when working in web development? 

4. If you had a few more hours to work on this project, what would you spend them doing (for example: refactoring certain functions, adding additional features, etc). Be specific. (recommended 100 - 300 words) If I had more time to work on this, I would dig deeper into how the frequences in JavaScript work, specifically looking into what frequencies correspond to what musical notes. Then, I would add more buttons and arrange the pattern so that it plays a known song or jingle. I'd also look for ways to store multiple patterns and have a new pattern/song played each time the user starts the game. Another feature that would be interesting to explore is other game modes. One potentia game mode would be Simon Says, where the player is only supposed to repeat a button press if the button lights up and displays a sound. If the button lights up without sound and the user presses it, they would lose.
-------------------
